Using our API Integration with AWeber, you can trigger your countdown based on
when someone subscribes to a specific list in your AWeber account.

**Important Note:**  Deadline Funnel will trigger the deadline when a user is
first added to your list in AWeber, regardless of if they've confirmed their
subscription or not. So you will need to disable the double optin feature in
your AWeber account in order for this to work properly.

###

### Step 1.

In your Deadline Funnel dashboard, click on 'API Integrations' in the left
hand menu and hit 'Click here to create a brand new API integration', then
select AWeber from the list of options:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118dfd2c7d3a31944f0f24/file-t75ifpWK4p.png)

###  Step 2.

On the next screen click ‘Integrate with AWeber’

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e1504286304a71d4fc2/file-EATN8qNRuy.png)

###  Step 3.

You'll be taken to another page where you’ll need to login to your AWeber
account:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e2204286304a71d4fc4/file-lfiFxA0F3W.png)

### Step 4.

Once you’ve successfully connected your accounts, you will be taken to this
page:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e3704286304a71d4fc6/file-03XPqxMQLX.png)

### Step 5.

On this page you will do two things:

1\. Select the list in AWeber that you want to integrate with

2\. Select the custom field that you want to use to store each lead's
deadline. If you want to create a new field, just type the name into the box
and hit enter to create the new custom field:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e692c7d3a31944f0f28/file-QdRWiConHU.png)

Now you should be ready to test it out!

### Step 6.

Go ahead and add a new subscriber to your list in AWeber and then come back to
Deadline Funnel and hit the ‘Check For New Subscriber’ button. If the
integration is successful, you should see this happen on your screen:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e8f04286304a71d4fca/file-SziAY4c2Ao.png)

This means you’re all set! The deadline will now be triggered when a new
subscriber is added to your list in AWeber. :)

**Note:**  Deadline Funnel runs a check for new subscribers in your AWeber
list every 15 minutes, so the trigger is not always instantaneous. If you
notice that someone has opted in recently and hasn't shown up in your Event
Tracking in Deadline Funnel yet, you may just need to wait a few more minutes
for Deadline Funnel to run another check and trigger their deadline.

###  Important Note about Email Links

For the API integration to work you MUST use the Deadline Funnel  email links
in any of your emails that link to a sales page with a countdown timer, or
that link to a page in your funnel that links to another page with your
countdown timer.

In other words, the API integration requires that your subscribers click one
of the Deadline Funnel email links before they reach a page with a countdown.
This is necessary in order to make sure each subscriber is assigned the
correct deadline.

If you have any questions along, please reach out to us via chat in the bottom
right hand corner or shoot us a quick email at help@deadlinefunnel.com

