### Getting Started

Deadline Funnel can help boost your sales for your marketing campaigns in
Actionetics! ðŸ˜Ž

Each subscriber in your sequence will be automatically assigned their own
custom deadline - whether you're doing a webinar... an email sequence... an
automated launch... or really ANY type of campaign.

If you're not using a deadline you're leaving money on the table!

Here's a quick guide on how to get started with Deadline Funnel + Actionetics,
so you can build your evergreen funnel.  

**Deadline Funnel University:** Check out the [How to Create an Evergreen
Email Funnel course](https://university.deadlinefunnel.com/courses/evergreen)
on Deadline Funnel University for a free training series on building your
first evergreen campaign!

### 1\. Create your Deadline Funnel campaign

First things first - you will need to [create a campaign in Deadline
Funnel](https://deadlinefunnel.com/promotions/create) before you can set up
the integration with Actionetics.

When creating your campaign, we recommend selecting the blueprints option and
then choose the "Email Sequence + Special Offer" blueprint:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5dfd10952c7d3a7e9ae5636c/file-4mxM9o3U2U.png)

Then you'll set the deadline length and add your first funnel step(s). Don't
worry too much about those two items - you can come back later and change
those at any time.

Once you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, you will be taken to the
Quick Start Guide, where you can verify that the correct trigger has been
selected:

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5dfd11032c7d3a7e9ae56377/file-Y7B45ZIrXI.png)

Now you can follow the steps below to integrate with Actionetics.

We're here to help! Contact us on live chat (bottom right corner of the
screen) Monday - Friday, 8am-4pm PST. Or you can shoot us an email any time at
help@deadlinefunnel.com. ðŸ™‚

### 2\. Set up the Actionetics integration

![](https://s3.amazonaws.com/helpscout.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/591cbd6c2c7d3a057f892df2/file-8zvsK6ZBpR.png)After
you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, [set up the integration between
Deadline Funnel and
Actionetics](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/337-how-to-
integrate-deadline-funnel-with-actionetics).

This integration determines where you start each subscriber's Deadline Funnel
tracking as they are going through your automation.

[View the integration guide
here!](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/337-how-to-integrate-
deadline-funnel-with-actionetics)

### 3\. Add Deadline Funnel email links to your automation

Once the integration is up and running, any subscriber who goes through your
automation will start their Deadline Funnel tracking as soon as they reach the
"webhook" in your automation.

That's the first key part for Deadline Funnel tracking - tracking the email
address of each subscriber as they go through your automation.

The second critical part for Deadline Funnel tracking is to add Deadline
Funnel email links to the emails in your automation, wherever you're linking
to a page that has a Deadline Funnel timer or redirect on it.

That would normally be your special offer page, which normally would get
redirected to a different page after the deadline expires.

[Here's our guide on adding the Deadline Funnel email links to your
emails.](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/16-expiring-links)

Please note that you cannot integrate Deadline Funnel + Actionetics correctly
unless you add the DF links to your emails!

### Email timers:

You can customize your Actionetics emails with an animated timer. Step-by-step
instructions for adding those can be found in the following articles:  

  * [A](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/246-how-to-add-email-countdown-code-to-activecampaign)[dd an animated countdown to an Actionetics Broadcast](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/403-how-to-add-email-countdown-code-to-actionetics)
  * [Add an animated countdown to an Actionetics Action Funnel](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/449-how-to-add-an-email-countdown-timer-to-an-actionetics-action-funnel)

