### Getting Started

Deadline Funnel can help boost your sales for your marketing campaigns in
AWeber! ðŸ˜Ž

Each subscriber in your sequence will be automatically assigned their own
custom deadline - whether you're doing a webinar... an email sequence... an
automated launch... or really ANY type of campaign.

If you're not using a deadline you're leaving money on the table!

Here's a quick guide on how to get started with Deadline Funnel + Aweber, so
you can build your evergreen funnel.

**Deadline Funnel University:** Check out the [How to Create an Evergreen
Email Funnel course](https://university.deadlinefunnel.com/courses/evergreen)
on Deadline Funnel University for a free training series on building your
first evergreen campaign!

### 1\. Create your Deadline Funnel campaign

First things first - you will need to [create a campaign in Deadline
Funnel](https://deadlinefunnel.com/promotions/create) before you can set up
the integration with AWeber.

When creating your campaign, we recommend selecting the blueprints option and
then choose the "Email Sequence + Special Offer" blueprint:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5d195eea04286305cb87e4e2/file-OiMtuGnVy8.jpg)

Then you'll set the deadline length and add your first funnel step(s). Don't
worry too much about those two items - you can come back later and change
those at any time.

Once you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, you will be taken to the
Quick Start Guide, where you can verify that the correct trigger has been
selected:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5d195f9804286305cb87e4e7/file-STESe46e9c.jpg)

Now you can follow the steps below to integrate with AWeber.

We're here to help! Contact us on live chat (bottom right corner of the
screen) Monday - Friday, 8am-5pm ET. Or you can shoot us an email any time at
help@deadlinefunnel.com. ðŸ™‚

### 2\. Set up the AWeber Integration

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5c118e692c7d3a31944f0f28/file-QdRWiConHU.png)

After you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, set up the integration
between Deadline Funnel and AWeber.

This integration allows you start a subscriber's deadline as soon as they're
added to a specific list in AWeber.

[View the integration guide
here!](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/630-how-to-integrate-aweber-with-deadline-funnel-api)

### 3\. Add Deadline Funnel email links to your emails

Once the integration is up and running, any subscriber who is added to your
list in AWeber will have a deadline assigned to them.

That's the first key part for Deadline Funnel tracking - tracking the email
address of each subscriber as they go through your automation.

The second critical part for Deadline Funnel tracking is to add Deadline
Funnel email links to the emails in your automation, wherever you're linking
to a page that has a Deadline Funnel timer or redirect on it.

That would normally be your special offer page, which normally would get
redirected to a different page after the deadline expires.

[Here's our guide on adding the Deadline Funnel email links to your emails.
](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/16-expiring-links)  

[](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/630-how-to-integrate-aweber-with-deadline-funnel-api)

Please note that you cannot integrate Deadline Funnel + AWeber correctly
unless you add the DF links to your emails!

## Emails Timers (optional)

Once you've set up your trigger, you can customize your AWeber emails with an
animated timer. [Check out our step-by-step guide
here.](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/259-how-to-add-email-countdown-code-to-aweber)

## Timing tips for AWeber

[You can find a helpful guide on how to time out your Email Sequence in AWeber
with your Deadline here.
](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/661-timing-tips-for-aweber)  

