###

### Getting Started

Deadline Funnel can help boost your sales for your marketing campaigns in
Ontraport! ðŸ˜Ž

Each subscriber in your sequence will be automatically assigned their own
custom deadline - whether you're doing a webinar... an email sequence... an
automated launch... or really ANY type of campaign.

If you're not using a deadline you're leaving money on the table!

Here's a quick guide on how to get started with Deadline Funnel + Ontraport,
so you can build your evergreen funnel.

**Deadline Funnel University:** Check out the [How to Create an Evergreen
Email Funnel course](https://university.deadlinefunnel.com/courses/evergreen)
on Deadline Funnel University for a free training series on building your
first evergreen campaign!

### 1\. Create your Deadline Funnel campaign

First things first - you will need to create a campaign in Deadline Funnel
before you can set up the integration with Ontraport.

When creating your campaign, we recommend selecting the blueprints option and
then choose the "Email Sequence + Special Offer" blueprint:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5dfd10952c7d3a7e9ae5636c/file-4mxM9o3U2U.png)

Then you'll set the deadline length and add your first funnel step(s). Don't
worry too much about those two items - you can come back later and change
those at any time.

Once you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, you will be taken to the
Quick Start Guide, where you can verify that the correct trigger has been
selected:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5dfd11032c7d3a7e9ae56377/file-Y7B45ZIrXI.png)

Now you can follow the steps below to integrate with Ontraport.

We're here to help! Contact us on live chat (bottom right corner of the
screen) Monday - Friday, 8am-5pm ET. Or you can shoot us an email any time at
help@deadlinefunnel.com. ðŸ™‚

### 2\. Set up the Ontraport Integration

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5d4097cf0428634786759e46/file-262AxBEm5L.jpg)

After you've created your Deadline Funnel campaign, [set up the integration
between Deadline Funnel and
Ontraport.](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/251-how-to-
integrate-deadline-funnel-with-ontraport-api)

This integration determines where you start each subscriber's Deadline Funnel
tracking as they are going through your automation.

[View the integration guide
here!](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/251-how-to-integrate-
deadline-funnel-with-ontraport-api)

### 3\. Add Deadline Funnel email links to your automation

Once the integration is up and running, any subscriber who goes through your
sequence will start their Deadline Funnel tracking as soon as they reach the
"Send to Webhook" step in your sequence.

That's the first key part for Deadline Funnel tracking - tracking the email
address of each subscriber as they go through your automation.

The second critical part for Deadline Funnel tracking is to add Deadline
Funnel email links to the emails in your automation, wherever you're linking
to a page that has a Deadline Funnel timer or redirect on it.

That would normally be your special offer page, which normally would get
redirected to a different page after the deadline expires.

[Here's our guide on adding the Deadline Funnel email links to your emails.
](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/16-expiring-links)  

Please note that you cannot integrate Deadline Funnel + Ontraport correctly
unless you add the DF links to your emails!

### Email timers and dynamic deadline text (optional)

You can customize your Ontraport emails with an animated timer, or add a
dynamic date and time. Step-by-step instructions for adding those can be found
in the following articles:  

  * [Add an animated countdown timer to your emails](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/253-how-to-add-email-countdown-code-to-ontraport)
  * [Add a dynamic date and time to your emails](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/504-how-to-add-a-dynamic-date-and-time-to-ontraport-email)

###  Automated Webinars

If you're setting up an evergreen webinar using Ontraport, Deadline Funnel,
and EverWebinar, [we have a helpful guide on how to do that
here.](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/500-how-to-integrate-
everwebinar-with-deadline-funnel-ontraport-new)

While we don't currently have guides for other webinar platforms, you can
generally follow the same steps if you're integrating with another webinar
platform. And please feel free to contact us if you have any questions!

### Timing tips for Ontraport

[You can find a helpful guide on how to time out your Email Sequence in
Ontraport with your Deadline
here.](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/612-how-to-time-your-
ontraport-campaign-with-your-deadline-funnel-campaign)

