If you are creating your new campaign from scratch and not using one of the
blueprints, there are four different types of campaigns you can use with
Deadline Funnel:  Fixed, Evergreen, Hybrid, or Quantity.

## Fixed

This option is appropriate for any marketing funnel where each lead shares the
same fixed deadline.

Examples include: Product launches, one-time promotions, flash sales, or any
other kind of promotion where everyone has the same deadline.

The Fixed deadline is the same for everyone in your funnel, so there's no
tracking involved. You select the date and time that you would like the
deadline to expire and once that time passes, we'll redirect everyone away
from your special offer page.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5a906ff604286353405584d7/file-BARFWHl9lG.png)

## Evergreen

This option is for any marketing funnel where each lead's deadline is
determined by when they enter the funnel.

Examples for this type of campaign include: Lead generation funnels, email
follow-up sequences, upsell pages, automated webinars, or any kind of
marketing where leads are entering your funnel on an ongoing, daily basis.

Evergreen differs from a Fixed deadline because it tracks each individual via
IP Address, Cookies, and Email Address, and requires a point of entry, or what
we refer to as a Trigger. You can find more information about the different
Triggers and select which one you would like to use in the Quick Start Guide.

For this kind of campaign you can select how many days, hours, or minutes you
would like the countdown to last. If you select days, then you can specify
what time of day you would like the deadline to expire (we recommend using
11:59pm).

[Click here](https://documentation.deadlinefunnel.com/article/344-how-to-calculate-the-number-of-days-for-an-evergreen-funnel) for more information on
how to calculate out the length of your Evergreen deadline with the length of
your email sequence.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5a90700304286353405584d8/file-lHtn2RSnjn.png)

## Hybrid

This option is great for any funnel where you want the deadline to expire on a
set day of each week regardless of when people enter the funnel.

### Day of Week Hybrid:

This option is great for any funnel where you want the deadline to expire on a
set day of each week, month or quarter regardless of when people first enter
the funnel. For example: You want each person to get their own unique
deadline, but your special offer page needs to close on Thursday at Midnight
each week, regardless of if someone enters the funnel on Monday, Tuesday, or
Wednesday.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5b86d37e0428631d7a8a821c/file-Nkmmdw8jtF.png)

To use this hybrid funnel type you will 1) select 'day of the week', 2) select
the day of the week that you want your deadline to expire, and 4) select the
time the deadline expires.

Item #3 in the image above is for another option with the Hybrid deadline
type, to "Add an extra week to the deadline if someone's tracking starts
within this many hours of the deadline."

Example: Deadline is Wednesday at 11:59pm EST. But you want anyone who starts
their tracking between Tuesday at 9am and Wednesday at 11:59pm to actually
have a deadline of the following Wednesday (7 days later), instead of the
Wednesday during that same week. So you set the "Add an extra week..." option
to 39, so that anyone who is tracked within 39 hours of the deadline (between
Tuesday 9am and Wednesday 11:59pm) gets an extra week added to their deadline.

### Day of Month Hybrid:

This option is great for any funnel where you want the deadline to expire on a
set day of the month regardless of when people first enter the funnel. For
example: You want each person to get their own unique deadline, but your
special offer page needs to close on the 15th of the month.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5b86d50c0428631d7a8a8229/file-OZU8xIKuFq.png)

To use this hybrid funnel type you will 1) select 'day of the month' as the
hybrid type, 2) select the day of the month that you want your deadline to
expire, and 3) select the time the deadline expires.

### Day of Quarter Hybrid:

This option is great for any funnel where you want the deadline to expire on a
set day of the quarter regardless of when people enter the funnel.

For example: You want each person to get their own unique deadline, and you
want your special offer to close on the 5th day of the 2nd month of the
quarter, regardless of when the lead enters the funnel. Then the deadline will
expire in the 2nd month of the next quarter, on the 5th day of that month.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5b86d9092c7d3a03f89e3f72/file-JQuVy6mOtd.png)

To use this hybrid funnel type you will 1) select 'day of the quarter' as the
hybrid type, 2) select the month of the quarter, First, Second or Third, 3)
select the day of the month, and 4) the time that the deadline expires.

## Quantity:

This option is for any marketing funnel in which you want to offer a limited
number of items and have Deadline Funnel close the offer when that number
reaches zero. You make this special offer available to a specific number of
buyers.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5bf4654e04286304a71c7492/file-DPw9lWRqp1.png)

Examples for this type of campaign include: Fast-action bonuses, upsell pages,
or any kind of marketing where only the first ___ number of buyers can
purchase your offer.

For this kind of campaign you can select the opening quantity available and
the period of time during which you will offer the promotion.

If you have any questions, please let us know at
[help@deadlinefunnel.com](mailto:mailto:help@deadlinefunnel.com).

