## Overview

Deadline Funnel email links are a key part of each Deadline Funnel campaign
that you set up and deploy.

They help ensure that each of your subscribers will see the correct deadline
and will only be able to access your special offer pages before their deadline
expires.

## 1\. Create a funnel step

Deadline Funnel email links are automatically created whenever you add a new
funnel step in your campaign.

You can do that by going to **Edit your campaign >> Funnel Steps**:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42cbda04286364bc952c64/file-8wXvlAFVaO.png)

In this example, we've created a funnel step for **<https://test.com/special-offer-page>** , where the floating bar is displayed for our campaign.

After each subscriber's deadline is expired, they will be automatically
redirected to  **<https://test.com/expired>**.

## 2\. Copy the email link

When we created the funnel step, Deadline Funnel automatically generated an
email link for that funnel step.

We can find that by going to **Edit your campaign >> Email Setup**:

##
![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42cbf004286364bc952c67/file-9wixNUhUV2.png)

The email link that Deadline Funnel has generated is:

**<https://dfl0.us/s/da494972?em=[Email]>**

Click on that link in the Email Setup tab to copy it, and then you can paste
it in your emails anywhere that you want to link to your special offer page.

## 3\. Add the Deadline Funnel email links to your emails

In our example, our special offer page is **<https://test.com/special-offer-page>.**

So anywhere that we want to link to **<https://test.com/special-offer-page>**
, we'll use the Deadline Funnel email link instead.

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42caf804286364bc952c46/file-3sLl0QjEDX.png)

Now, when someone receives your emails and clicks on the Deadline Funnel email
link, Deadline Funnel will look up that subscriber's email address and
automatically redirect them to either your special offer page or offer expired
page.

  * If someone clicks on the link before their deadline has expired, Deadline Funnel will redirect them to  **<https://test.com/special-offer-page>**
  * **[](https://test.com/special-offer-page)**If someone clicks on the link after their deadline has expired, Deadline Funnel will redirect them to   **<https://test.com/expired>**

## Frequently asked questions

### How do I update my email links?

If you have already copied a Deadline Funnel email link into your email(s),
you can update where that link redirects to by editing the funnel step:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42cc672c7d3a7e9ae79211/file-EGZin8EN5i.png)

###  Can I create an email link for a content page or blog post without
displaying a timer on that page?

Yes! Just create a funnel step for that blog post, select "don't display a
timer," and don't add a redirect for after the deadline:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42cdc42c7d3a7e9ae79226/file-EHkUn3UFeg.png)Now you can copy the Deadline Funnel email link for that blog
post:

![](https://d33v4339jhl8k0.cloudfront.net/docs/assets/53974d6ce4b0c76107b109d1/images/5e42cdf92c7d3a7e9ae7922a/file-DaJ78CUUkI.png)

### What if I'm using an email platform that is not listed in your
integrations?

Every email link has a special email placeholder at the end of it that is
specific to the email platform you are using. It changes based on the email
platform you have selected under **Edit your campaign >> Settings. **If your
email platform is not listed as an option, select 'Other' and then change the
"?em=[email]" parameter at the end of the email link to "?em= *whatever the
email address placeholder is for your platform*.

* * *

If you have any questions, please let us know at
[help@deadlinefunnel.com](mailto:mailto:help@deadlinefunnel.com).

